Several clarfications related to GraphQL Storefront API (#356)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-api-overview.md

To access the GraphQL Storefront API Playground and documentation:

> * Login to a BigCommerce store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log in to a BigCommerce store

```

<div class="HubBlock-content">
<!-- theme: warning -->

> ### Authenticating with an auto-generated Stencil Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authenticating with an Auto-Generated Stencil Token

```

```

### Note

> > * `1` can be passed in for the `channel_id` for generating tokens for use on the default Stencil storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Pass in `1` for the `channel_id` to generate tokens for use on the default Stencil storefront.

```

In addition to using `fetch()`, there's a other ways to query the API:
* **Using [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)** - Apollo is a popular GraphQL client that's easy to use in BigCommerce themes. For a a quick example of adding Apollo Client to cornerstone, checkout this [Cornerstone commit](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/commit/508feeb1b00d2bb2940771e5e91250a08b6be4d9) on GitHub.

> * **Using any GraphQL Client** - GraphQL is a standard with client libraries in many languages, so feel free to explore your options. The focus of the beta is on using the API from frontend JavaScript within Stencil; however, in the future, the API will also be opened up for server-to-server requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Using any GraphQL Client** - GraphQL is a standard with client libraries in many languages, so feel free to explore your options. The focus of the beta is on using the API from frontend JavaScript within Stencil. In the future, the API will also be opened up for server-to-server requests.

```
